Update fleets/app in develop section (#2028)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/develop/container-contracts.md

**Note** Container contracts are available for devices running Supervisor versions >= 10.6.17. All prior versions will not enforce any contracts.

> Container contracts are used to ensure the compatibility of a device to run an individual service of a fleet. For example, container contracts may be used to ensure that the device is running a specific version of [Supervisor][supervisor] or has a specific version of the [NVIDIA Tegra Linux Driver Package][l4t] (L4T).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container contracts are used to ensure the compatibility of a device when it comes to run a service. For example, container contracts may be used to ensure that the device is running a specific version of [Supervisor][supervisor] or has a specific version of the [NVIDIA Tegra Linux Driver Package][l4t] (L4T).
```

**Note** Any `requires` type other than those listed in the [valid contract types][valid-contracts] table will result in the contract being invalid.

> When deploying a release, if the contract requirements are not met, the release will fail, and all services on the device will remain on their current release. This default behavior can be overridden by including an [optional label](#optional-containers) in the fleet docker-compose.yml file. This optional label specifies which services with unmet requirements will be ignored, with all other services on the device updating to the new release. If there are any existing running services with unmet requirements, they will not be destroyed and continue running the prior release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a release, if the contract requirements are not met, the release will fail, and all services on the device will remain on their current release. This default behavior can be overridden by including an [optional label](#optional-containers) in the docker-compose.yml file for the release. This optional label specifies which services with unmet requirements will be ignored, with all other services on the device updating to the new release. If there are any existing running services with unmet requirements, they will not be destroyed and continue running the prior release.
```

Contracts: Services with unmet requirements: first-service
```

> **Note** For application fleets that contain a mixture of Supervisor and L4T versions, contracts may be used to ensure only compatible devices run specific services, as releases will only be deployed to those meeting the contract requirements.

Reviewer: This is a good one, what on earth is an 'application fleet' 😆

Author: I sure don't wanna know them.

## Optional containers

> By default, when a container contract fails, none of the services are deployed to the device. However, in a multi-container fleet, it is possible to ignore those services that fail the contract requirements with the other services being deployed as normal. To do so, we make use of the `io.balena.features.optional: 1` [Supervisor label][labels] to indicate which services should be considered optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when a container contract fails, none of the services are deployed to the device. However, in a multi-container release, it is possible to ignore those services that fail the contract requirements with the other services being deployed as normal. To do so, we make use of the `io.balena.features.optional: 1` [Supervisor label][labels] to indicate which services should be considered optional.
```

> In the `docker-compose.yml` file of the fleet, add the `io.balena.features.optional: 1` to the labels list for each service you wish to mark as optional. In the following example, even if the `first-service` container contract fails, the `second-service` service will still be deployed (assuming it doesn’t have any failing contracts of its own).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `docker-compose.yml` file, add the `io.balena.features.optional: 1` to the labels list for each service you wish to mark as optional. In the following example, even if the `first-service` container contract fails, the `second-service` service will still be deployed (assuming it doesn’t have any failing contracts of its own).
```
